mrs. Cathy she's putting any threads
here on the machine tying them together
so that they can be you can't explain
what you're doing there I'm putting on
different colors the colors I'll use for
my next design onto each spool then in
order not to have to actually manually
thread the whole route again you tie the
thread from the last spool that was on
here onto the new spool and then once
you tie all these knots and if you tie a
particularly a special knot here that is
small enough to actually go through the
needle you can pull them through so all
of these now are ready to be pulled
through onto into the needle now sit
down here and grab with my tweezers a
couple of the threads and start pulling
so I just pull them it goes all the way
through all of the various tension
devices and so on and then it pulls
directly through the needle and so
here's the next two
and I pull it through here they come all
the way around just the way they should
straight through the needle no problem
and cut them off so I do that with all
of the changes there are ten needles in
this case I've changed nine of the
thread colors and left needle number ten
the same I don't say buy the whole three
through one this one straight through
the needle so it saves a lot of time so
there we go I'm all ready to sew just
like that I take my item that's been
cooped with the proper stabilizer and
place it on
on the frame now just to make sure that
this is going to fit the design is
centered properly I'm going to come back
here push that button watch the needle
that comes down a little and it's gonna
trace the outline of the design I have
to make sure that it's not going to come
over and hit my hope this is a very
important step which should always be
completed and now I'm gonna hit sewing
and verify that everything looks like
it's on the right spools go on according
to my display for 21,000 stitches and
the total stitch time is 39 minutes so
if all those well I think I'll often do
something else now while these
restrictions
Thank You Kathy for that introduction to
this campaign the balsam CTV News a
Linux know thanks for joining